README.md, before:

# AI Auto-Complete

This is a demonstration of using OpenAI's GPT natural language models to generate suggestions & auto-completions for searches.

## Background

*TO-DO*

## Usage

*TO-DO*

### Release

*TO-DO*

### Docker

*TO-DO*

## Configuration

*TO-DO*

## Building

*TO-DO*

## Useful Links

* [Tailwind CSS documentation](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/utility-first)
* [Webpack configuration documentation](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/configuration/)
* [OpenAI chat completion guide](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/chat)
* [OpenAI chat API reference](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/chat/create)
* [Express guide](https://expressjs.com/en/guide/routing.html)
* [NPM log4js package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/log4js)
* [NPM dotenv package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv)
* [NPM openai package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/openai)

## License

Copyright (C) 2023 [viral32111](https://viral32111.com).

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program. If not, see https://www.gnu.org/licenses.

Commit message:

Add notice of development to readme

README.md, after:

# AI Auto-Complete

This is a demonstration of using OpenAI's GPT natural language models to generate suggestions & auto-completions for searches.

**NOTE: This project is under development, functionality is not guaranteed!**

## Background

*TO-DO*

## Usage

*TO-DO*

### Release

*TO-DO*

### Docker

*TO-DO*

## Configuration

*TO-DO*

## Building

*TO-DO*

## Useful Links

* [Tailwind CSS documentation](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/utility-first)
* [Webpack configuration documentation](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/configuration/)
* [OpenAI chat completion guide](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/chat)
* [OpenAI chat API reference](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/chat/create)
* [Express guide](https://expressjs.com/en/guide/routing.html)
* [NPM log4js package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/log4js)
* [NPM dotenv package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv)
* [NPM openai package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/openai)

## License

Copyright (C) 2023 [viral32111](https://viral32111.com).

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program. If not, see https://www.gnu.org/licenses.
